Cash back coupons! You call the brand. Seriously, pick ANY BRAND you want. No gimmicks, just real money on the things you want to buy every week – from staples like milk, bread, and eggs to fresh fruit and vegetables.

We’ve also got cash back coupons on your favorite brands like Coca-Cola, Chobani, Kellogg’s, General Mills, Nestle, and many more. With hundreds of dollars in savings every week and exclusive rebates at Walmart, Target, and all of your favorite local grocery stores, no app gets you more money back, every time you go shopping, than Ibotta. 

And that’s not all. Find great deals and Ibotta-only cash back savings at your favorite stores, like Best Buy and JCPenney and retailer websites, like Nordstrom.com or Macy’s.com. From grocery to electronics to clothes and more, ditch the coupons and get paid real cash money just for checking Ibotta before you go shopping. 

So how’s it work? It’s simple. Browse the app, unlock your cash back coupons anytime, anywhere, and then send us your receipt after you go shopping. We’ll turn that receipt (and your purchases) into cash. 
 
And how do you get that cash? Easy. Save it up and put it directly into your bank account via PayPal or Venmo, or turn it into gift cards at your favorite stores - Best Buy, Starbucks, iTunes, Amazon.com and more. 
 
Need more reasons to start using Ibotta?
◆ Our users have earned over $25 million dollars 
◆ Selected by Apple as a Best New App
◆ Featured on Buzzfeed, Good Morning America, Forbes & ABC News

We update our cash-back coupons all the time, so keep checking for exclusive offers from your favorite retailers, including: Walmart, Target, Costco, Best Buy, Sephora, Express, Aero, Sports Authority, Kohl's and others.

Why bother with a boring old coupon, discount code, or a promo code when you can get real cash back on your phone? Forget the hassle of cutting out a paper coupon, or clipping online and printing. Instead, we’ll get you cash wherever you shop, in-store or online. 
 
And just to make sure you understand everything we have to offer, here are some more details.

Cash in on your favorite beer, wine and spirits brands: Heineken, Dos Equis, Newcastle, mike’s hard lemonade, Shock Top, Jack Daniels, Wild Turkey, Predator Wine, Woodchuck Hard Cider and Jagermeister

Save money shopping online at sites like: Amazon.com, Peapod.com, Nordstrom.com, JCPenney.com, Eastbay.com, Footlocker.com, Clarks.com, Panasonic.com, MicrosoftStore.com, Skullcandy.com
 
Great gifts and healthy & beauty rebates at stores like: The Body Shop, Walmart, Target, Rite Aid, Walgreens. Whole Foods Market, Birchbox.com, Sephora.com, Amazon.com, Shutterfly.com and Tinyprints.com
 
And groceries! Please don't forget the groceries! Walmart, Target, Kroger, Safeway, Costco, Sam’s Club, Publix, Rite Aid, Walgreens, CVS, Dollar General, Family Dollar, Meijer, HEB, Food Lion, Albertsons, and over 150,000 stores in total.
 
With all of this great value and savings, it’s easy to see why Ibotta is the 16th most used app in the US. We’re the shopping app that’ll pay you cash whenever, wherever you shop. 

Happy Earning!
 
Note: Ibotta utilizes iBeacons and background location to show you better rebates and in-store offers. You can customize these notifications in the settings. Continued use of GPS running in the background may decrease battery life.