PLAY FROM YOUR APPLE WATCH

Take a crack at outsmarting your friends right from your wrist with the #1 downloaded game in the world, Trivia Crack! Play all your turns from your Apple Watch without ever taking your iPhone out of your pocket. Let the animated characters guide you through the game as you beat your opponents by answering millions of crowd-sourced questions from all around the world.

Trivia Crack is the international smash hit game that pits friend against friend in different categories to determine who has the most trivia knowledge. And it’s FREE! Each of the six categories (Science, Entertainment, Art, Geography, Sports and History) has a corresponding character, and the game is won by being the first to obtain all six. Give Willy the Wheel a spin and let chance decide which category you get!

Stuck on a particular question? You still have a chance! Trivia Crack is a game of strategy. Earn coins throughout the game to get special advantages such as PowerUps and extra spins which you can use to gain the upper hand over your opponents. Or face off against them and steal their characters!

It’s no coincidence Trivia Crack is the #1 trivia game in the US and Canada. This game is truly one-of-a-kind. With over 100 thousand questions and constant updates, Trivia Crack never gets old. Upload your own user-created questions, or translate and rate those of other users and join the Trivia Crack community!

From the moment you start playing Trivia Crack, you’ll notice the bright, sophisticated and intuitive interface. With lively animations at every step, the characters have a life of their own!

Trivia Crack is currently available in English (localized versions for both the US and the UK), Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Catalan, Russian, Japanese and Dutch, with new languages added regularly.

So what are you waiting for? Download Trivia Crack now and begin challenging your friends!

Highlights

◉ Share achievements
◉ Combine wit and strategy
◉ Challenge friends to a duel
◉ Chat live with friends and opponents
◉ Suggest, rate and translate questions
◉ Test your knowledge in various areas

Keep up with Trivia Crack

Visit our website at http://www.triviacrack.com and follow us on Social Media! You’ll find tips and tricks and other helpful information.

Twitter: @triviacrack

Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/triviacrack

Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Etermax

If you have questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to visit our FAQs at http://www.etermax.com/en/support