Beats Music is an innovative streaming service that combines the top tier music experts with premium technology to always deliver the right music at the right time. All you have to do is hit play.

With Beats Music, you have unlimited, ad-free access to over 20 million songs from every genre. Listen anytime on demand or download to listen offline.

When you’re not sure what to play, let our in-house curators guide you. Here are just a few features that’ll make it easy for you:

JUST FOR YOU
Your first stop for music that’s right for you, based on your personal taste. A mix of albums and playlists that have been handpicked by our music experts are always ready and waiting just for you. 

THE SENTENCE
Make your mix. Let The Sentence know how you’re feeling, what you’re doing and who you’re with and we’ll play an continuous mix of tracks based on your selections. 

HIGHLIGHTS
Discover what’s happening in the world through music. Quick access to what’s worth checking out, even if it’s not on your radar. 

FIND IT
Take a deeper dive into music discovery here, where you can explore different genres, activities and curators. When you’re not quite sure what to listen to, reach for the perfect playlist here.

SHARE
Let your friends know what you’re streaming by sharing your favorite tracks, albums and playlists with your friends via Beats Music, Facebook and Twitter.

There’s tons more waiting for you. Just open the app and hit play.

Download the app and sign up for Beats Music to start your free (no strings attached) 14 day trial. It’s on the house! When you're ready to lock it in, subscribe to Beats Music for $9.99 per month or $99.99 per year, which will renew automatically. For now, Beats Music is only available in the US. 

***

http://facebook.com/beatsmusic
http://twitter.com/beatsmusic
http://instagram.com/beatsmusic

***

- No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.