Step into the Octagon® with EA SPORTS™ UFC® for mobile! Collect your favorite UFC fighters, throw down in competitive combat, and earn in-game rewards by playing live events tied to the real world of the UFC. 

This app offers in-app purchases. You may disable in-app purchasing using your device settings.

FEEL THE FIGHT
EA SPORTS UFC brings the intensity of MMA to your fingertips like never before. HD-quality visuals, intuitive touch controls, and action-packed gameplay create a unique combat experience for novice and veteran fight fans alike.

TRAIN YOUR ULTIMATE FIGHTER
Choose from over 70 fighters in four divisions and begin your journey to the top. From a Cain Velasquez takedown to Georges St-Pierre’s Superman punch, each athlete boasts a unique set of special moves. Win bouts, unlock new opponents, earn coins, and level up abilities – all while building your UFC legacy. Battle through your career and invest in training to watch your abilities skyrocket.

PLAY LIVE EVENTS, EARN EXCLUSIVE REWARDS
Play some of UFC’s biggest real-world bouts through in-game Live Events. Play fight cards for upcoming UFC events and earn exclusive in-game rewards. The more you play, the more rewards you earn! Rise to the top of the leaderboard and watch your payoff grow.

FIGHT YOUR WAY TO GLORY
Climb the ranks and hone your striking, wrestling, and submission skills along the way. With no lives or limits to how much you can play, there’s always another fight just around the corner. See how you stack up against your division’s best and earn in-game rewards for dominating UFC icons in grueling Main Event matchups. Your battle for UFC glory starts now.

Enter the Octagon and feel the fight!

Important Consumer Information. This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply). Requires acceptance of EA’s Privacy & Cookie Policy, TOS and EULA. Includes in-game advertising. Contains direct links to the Internet and social networking sites intended for an audience over 13.

Terms of Service: http://terms.ea.com

Privacy and Cookie Policy: http://privacy.ea.com

Game EULA: http://tos.ea.com/legalapp/mobileeula/US/en/GM/

EA may retire online features after 30 days’ notice posted on http://www.ea.com/1/service-updates.

EA may retire online features after 30-day notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on http://www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates.