AlphaBetty – a fun, new word game from the makers of Candy Crush Saga and Farm Heroes Saga - King's first, social, mobile word game!

Challenge your skills in a brand new word game that will take you on a rip-roaring adventure to the far-flung corners of the mouse world! Join Professor Alpha, Betty and their loyal friend Barney as they embark on an epic quest to collect new words and complete the Encyclopedia of Everything! 

Journey to exotic lands in this top new word game and puzzle your way through over 100 cheesetastic levels of letter-linking fun! 

Collect special characters on your travels to help you along the way, but watch out for those mousetraps and creeping vines!

Play on your own or take on your friends to see who can get the highest score in the best game to ever ignite your word skills!

Are you ready? Let the adventure begin!

AlphaBetty Saga is completely free to play, but some in-game items such as extra moves or lives will require payment.

You can turn off the payment feature by disabling in-app purchases in your iPhone or iPad's settings.

Think you know word games?  Then think again!  AlphaBetty Saga features:

● Link letters in any direction - up, down, diagonally, in fact, any way you want - even multiple directions!  
● Bright and colorful graphics that will transport you to the far reaches of the mouse world
● Three intrepid explorers on an epic journey
●Powerful boosters to help you crack challenging levels
● Unlock boosters and unique characters with special abilities to help you along the way
● Easy and fun to play, challenging to master 
● Over 100 cheesetastic levels of letter-linking fun!
● Play your way - long words or short words, race through levels or take your time, impress your friends or play by yourself, quick fun or leisurely indulgence - you choose.
● Leaderboards to follow your friends and competitors' progress! Give lives, add friends and see your friends' progress on the map in game.
● Easily sync the game between devices and unlock full game features when connected to the internet

If you love word searches, crosswords, puzzles and sudoku, download the AlphaBetty Saga app and discover a new way to word play!

Already a fan of AlphaBetty Saga? Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter for the latest news:

https://twitter.com/alphabettysaga
https://www.facebook.com/alphabettysaga 

Last but not least, a big THANK YOU goes out to everyone who has played AlphaBetty Saga!